New Entry: General Font Awesome (#849)
Codecademy/docs: content/general/concepts/font-awesome/terms/fa-stack/fa-stack.md

---
Title: 'fa-stack'

> Description: 'Used to stack icons on top of each other.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Description: 'Stacks icons on top of each other.'
```
